ENH RocCurveDisplay add option to plot chance level (#25987)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.3.rst

  curves.
  :pr:`24668` by :user:`dberenbaum`.

> - |Enhancement| :class:`RocCurveDisplay` now has a new attribute `chance_level_`
>   and supports plotting the chance level line via `plot_chance_level` and
>   altering its style via `chance_level_kwargs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Enhancement| :meth:`metrics.RocCurveDisplay.from_estiamtor` and
  :meth:`metrics.ocCurveDisplay.from_predictions` now accept two new keywords,
  `plot_chance_level` and `chance_level_kwargs` to plot the baseline chance
  level. This line is exposed in the `chance_level_` attribute.
```

  curves.
  :pr:`24668` by :user:`dberenbaum`.

- |Enhancement| :meth:`metrics.RocCurveDisplay.from_estimator` and
  :meth:`metrics.RocCurveDisplay.from_predictions` now accept two new keywords,

>   `plot_chance_level` and `chance_level_kwargs` to plot the baseline chance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `plot_chance_level` and `chance_level_kw` to plot the baseline chance
```
